Update overview + reorganize Rust tutorial (#739)
CryptozombiesHQ/cryptozombie-lessons: en/21/04.md

---
title: Structs
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
material:
  editor:
    language: rust

>     startingCode: |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    startingCode:
```

      "lib.rs": |
        #![no_std]

        multiversx_sc::imports!();
        multiversx_sc::derive_imports!();

        // start here

        #[multiversx_sc::contract]
        pub trait ZombiesContract {

          #[init]
          fn init(&self) {
            self.dna_digits().set(16u8);
          }

          #[storage_mapper("dna_digits")]
          fn dna_digits(&self) -> SingleValueMapper<u8>;
        }

>     answer: >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    answer: |
```

      #![no_std]

      multiversx_sc::imports!();
      multiversx_sc::derive_imports!();

      #[derive(NestedEncode, NestedDecode, TopEncode, TopDecode, TypeAbi)]
      pub struct Zombie<M: ManagedTypeApi> {
          name: ManagedBuffer<M>,
          dna: u64,
      }

      #[multiversx_sc::contract]
      pub trait ZombiesContract {

        #[init]
        fn init(&self) {
          self.dna_digits().set(16u8);
        }

        #[storage_mapper("dna_digits")]
        fn dna_digits(&self) -> SingleValueMapper<u8>;
      }
---

# Managed types

Many basic Rust types (like String and Vec<T>) are dynamically allocated on the heap. In simple terms, it means the program (in this case, the smart contract) keeps asking for more and more memory from the runtime environment (the VM). For small collections, this doesn't matter much, but for bigger collection, this can become slow and the VM might even stop the contract and mark the execution as failed.

> The managed types work by only storing a handle within the contract memory, which is a u32 index, while the actual payload resides in reserved VM memory. More information about this can be found in **MultiversX**'s documentation https://docs.multiversx.com/developers/best-practices/the-dynamic-allocation-problem/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The managed types work by only storing a handle within the contract memory, which is a `u32` index, while the actual payload resides in reserved VM memory. More information about this can be found in **MultiversX**'s documentation https://docs.multiversx.com/developers/best-practices/the-dynamic-allocation-problem/
```

> Since String is a problematic type from memory alocation point of view, in the MultiversX Rust framework it was introduced `ManagedBuffer` a type that solved this issue. It can be used something like this: `let greeting = ManagedBuffer::from(b"Hello world!");`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `String` is a problematic type from a memory allocation point of view, in the MultiversX Rust framework, we introduced `ManagedBuffer`, a type that solved this issue. It can be used something like this: `let greeting = ManagedBuffer::from(b"Hello world!");`
```

# Structs

Sometimes you need a more complex data type. For this, Rust provides **_structs_**:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```

#[derive(NestedEncode, NestedDecode, TopEncode, TopDecode, TypeAbi)]
struct Person<M: ManagedTypeApi> {
  age: u8;
  name: ManagedBuffer<M>;
}

```

Structs allow you to create more complicated data types that have multiple properties.

> You will also notice that our struct has a generic argument `<M: ManagedTypeApi>` with a restriction, which is telling us that this structure uses a managed data type. This generic needs to be added to a struct or another type whenever it contains managed types, as the managed types need it as a seed as well.

Reviewer: Hard to follow. Please consider rephrasing and explaining the concepts you're using.
